c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\SpriteWork.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\SpriteWork.pdb
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.Base.mm.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Base.mm.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\YamlDotNet.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.Base.mm.pdb
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Base.mm.pdb
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\YamlDotNet.pdb
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\YamlDotNet.xml
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\obj\Debug\SpriteWork.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\obj\Debug\SpriteWork.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\obj\Debug\SpriteWork.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\obj\Debug\SpriteWork.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\obj\Debug\SpriteWork.pdb
C:\Users\Kylw\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.dll
C:\Users\Kylw\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\MonoMod.Utils.dll
C:\Users\Kylw\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.pdb
C:\Users\Kylw\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpriteWork\SpriteWork\bin\Debug\MonoMod.Utils.pdb
